Correct docs missed in locale move (#7468)
cfpb/consumerfinance.gov: docs/translation.md

These portable object files are compiled into machine object files (`.mo`) that the translation system uses when looking up the original string.

> By convention the `.po` and `.mo` files live inside a `[APP]/locale/[LANGUAGE]/LC_MESSAGES/` folder structure, for example, `ask_cfpb/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/django.po` for the Spanish language portable object file for all of our consumerfinance.gov messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By convention the `.po` and `.mo` files live inside an `[APP]/locale/[LANGUAGE]/LC_MESSAGES/` folder structure, for example, `ask_cfpb/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/django.po` for the Spanish language portable object file for our Ask CFPB-specific translatable strings.
```
